MORNING I'M ACTUALLY READY FOR
CRISES.
>> Jimmy: THE DEBATE, YOU
WATCHED DONALD TRUMP, DO YOU
EVER LAUGH?
DO YOU EVER ACTUALLY LAUGH?
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> MOST OF THE TIME.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Jimmy: DID YOU EVER ACTUALLY
WATCH THAT "ACCESS HOLLYWOOD"
BILLY BUSH TAPE?
>> I DID.
>> Jimmy: YOU DID.
>> I SAW IT.
>> Jimmy: WHERE DID YOU WATCH
IT?
ON TV?
>> WE WERE THIS CHICAGO.
I THINK I WAS COMING OUT OF AN
EVENT.
SOMEBODY JUST SHOWED IT TO ME ON
THEIR PHONE.
>> Jimmy: AT THAT MOMENT DID YOU
KNOW THAT IT WAS GOING TO BE AS
NOTABLE AS --
>> YES.
>> Jimmy: -- IT TURNED OUT TO
BE?
>> WELL, DIDN'T YOU?
[ LAUGHTER ]
THAT'S JUST NOT THE KIND OF
THING --
>> Jimmy: I DIDN'T KNOW
BECAUSE --
>> I THINK THAT'S ONE OF THOSE
THINGS WHERE IF YOUR BEST FRIEND
WHO WORKED IN THE OFFICE
SOMEWHERE HAD THAT VIDEO, IT
WOULD BE A PROBLEM FOR HIM.
>> Jimmy: IT WOULD BE A PROBLEM,
YES.
>> AND HE'S NOT RUNNING FOR
PRESIDENT.
>> Jimmy: RIGHT, EXACTLY.
>> AND RIGHTFULLY SO.
>> Jimmy: DO YOU HAVE DIRTBAG
FRIENDS YOU HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO
BE IN TOUCH WITH FOR THE LAST
EIGHT YEARS?
[ LAUGHTER ]
GUYS YOU MISS AND ONCE YOU'RE
OUT YOU'RE GOING TO RECONNECT
WITH THEM?
>> YOU KNOW, THERE ARE PROBABLY
SOME GUYS WHO DON'T MAKE THE CUT
BUT THEY'RE STILL GOOD GUYS.
[ LAUGHTER ]
KNOWN THEM SINCE HIGH SCHOOL,
YOU HAVE FOND MEMORIES.
HEY, MAN, I'LL CATCH UP WITH
YOU.
[ LAUGHTER ]